a
 t
 I,
is c
it an
, s'I;
 the br
s could 
hat was l
e of them 
didn't mind
. I've as go
mebody had le
I want to know
 of, ther' ain'
raight; so she s
to the bottom log
and barking at eac
 it, and be perfect
r Ridgeway. Why, the
ipping from the rafte
 When I got to where I
nd of wild foolishness 
 slides right in under o
with a lunch, and had a g
 you think to yourself, sp
the bush to where my canoe 
Dunlap, s'I -- " "Why, dog m
 to the nigger cabins and dro
knows I wanted to go bad enoug
"The Phelpses, down yonder." "O
er anybody sees us do it or not.
dy set a nigger free with his bri
d say what he did say -- so it was
thing behind her every time -- so s
go, every jump of the way. I followe
" and the door was locked, and we wan
 s'I; that's my opinion, take it or le
 towards the middle of the river, but d
n I got him up. I told him me and my bro
hy, me and Sid, and -- and -- and the gun
: "Here they are! They've broke for the ri
d along, and says, le's all three slide out
'I; it's what I says in the fust place, it's
nd him awake I reckoned we could put up a yar
 and crossed over, but couldn't find nothing o
n the lightning-rod to spy around; and the nigg
ting hotter and hotter, and the butter beginning
d, and Aunt Sally she see it, and turns white as 
that pass I didn't have no reasoning faculties no 
ter, and loaded down with chains, till he's claimed
 But I reckon I got to light out for the Territory a
too. I had everything I needed, and the boy was doing
othing of them; so we cruised along up-shore till we g
t they are getting his chains loose, you slip there and
d here, and the evasion booming along so handsome; man t
 do with it. The thing for us to do is just to do our dut
ed somebody sings out: "Who's that? Answer, or I'll shoot!
e corner over there, and raise it. And don't call it mullen
 at all the rest of the day, and preached a prayer-meeting s
 done now, at last; and we was all pretty much fagged out, to
y made the rag ladder out of, ther' ain't no telling how many 
inscriptions and so on was all carved on the grindstone; the be
to myself, spos'n he can't fix that leg just in three shakes of 
 "We can get along with it, too," he says; "just you slide down c
and most trod on us whilst we was hustling to get under the bed. B
 head, and wouldn't let me come a-nigh him any more, and said if I 
at the niggers and everybody else, as fast as her tongue could go, e
all right and safe, she says to herself: "Look at that, now! I might 
, and there I had to stick till about dawn this morning; then some men
while I's a tryin' him. Mars Tom, I's willin' to tackle mos' anything '
 on your bed nights before you go to sleep, and early in the mornings, a
ain, not for a salary. Well, by the end of three weeks everything was in 
te a little in his journal whilst the ink was fresh; the pens was made, th
r was setting by the pallet with his head propped on his knees sound asleep
l, I reckon you'd think so if you'd a been in this house for a while back. W
y scared most to death for days and nights. But the others said, don't do it,
ptown again before breakfast, but couldn't get no track of Tom; and both of th
ll sorts o' wild things, and by and by you think to yourself, spos'n I as a boy
me. What you going to do about the servant-girl?" "You'll be her. You slide in, 
they all agreed that Jim had acted very well, and was deserving to have some noti
But he never noticed, but says: "Good! Splendid! Now we're all right and safe! Did
e." So out he went, and down cellar went I. The hunk of butter, big as a person's f
t act so foolish. A prisoner's got to have some kind of a dumb pet, and if a rattles
ND. Next night we stuck a picture, which Tom drawed in blood, of a skull and crossbon
walked into the setting-room. My, but there was a crowd there! Fifteen farmers, and ev
 our heels and shoved. Then there was a rush, and a bang, bang, bang! and the bullets f
better go down home and get them ready for the surprise if I wanted to. But I said I did
Hadn't when I come away, anyhow." Jim says, kind of solemn: "He ain't a-comin' back no mo
, and had a good time, and took a look at the raft and found her all right, and got home l
all the other work he had to do on pens, and inscriptions, and journals, and things, which 
at three?" "Why, me and Sid, and -- and -- and the guns; that's what I mean." "Oh," he says.
 can find it again. It's the way they all do." So I said I would, and left, and Jim was to hi
ifference whether he's a natural one or an unnatural one." So Tom he wrote the nonnamous lette
ght and left at the niggers and everybody else, as fast as her tongue could go, every jump of t
uf -- fer a favor, hain't it? I lay he'd wait a pow'ful long time 'fo' I ast him. En mo' en dat,
't saying nothing; I'm the servant-girl. Who's Jim's mother?" "I'm his mother. I'll hook a gown f
 Tom?" "Why, a rattlesnake." "De goodness gracious alive, Mars Tom! Why, if dey was a rattlesnake 
the first to ever try it than any other way you could ever think of to save your life." "Why, Mars 
 and is always seeing what time it is, and so there ain't nothing more to write about, and I am rott
